Native wallets (#27)
credential-handler/chapi.io: developers/wallets/native.md

      "OID4VCI",
      "OID4VP",
      "vcapi"
    ]
  }
}
```

The `url` property must be the entry point for your mobile wallet so it must be a deep link that will open the application. Details about the event that initiates the opening of this URL will be relayed via query parameters appended to it.

The `"acceptedInput": "url"` line tells CHAPI that the wallet should receive data via opening the URL and providing query parameters rather than browser sent events typically used with Web wallets.

### 2. Allow your users to register their wallet as a Credential Handler with the browser polyfill

Next, we need to have the user trigger the registration of your wallet as a Credential Handler within their browser. This must be initiated by user interaction, so you cannot automatically register without the user clicking a button.

Add something similar to your registration page:

```html
<button id="installHandlerButton">Register Wallet</button>

<script src="https://unpkg.com/credential-handler-polyfill@3/dist/credential-handler-polyfill.min.js"></script>
<script src="https://unpkg.com/web-credential-handler@2/dist/web-credential-handler.min.js"></script>

<script>

>   await credentialHandlerPolyfill.loadOnce();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  document.getElementById('installHandlerButton').addEventListener('click', async function() {
    try {

>       await WebCredentialHandler.installHandler();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      await credentialHandlerPolyfill.loadOnce();
      await WebCredentialHandler.installHandler();
```

      console.log('Handler Installed Successfully!');
    } catch (error) {
      console.error('Error installing handler: ' + error.message);
    }
  });
</script>
```

### 3. Link users to the registration page from your application

Your mobile application should include a link to your registration page. That link should open the device's default browser and allow them to register the wallet as a Credential Handler.

Once done, your Wallet should now be enabled to handle various credential related requests from across the Web.

## Verifiable Credential Storage

Now that your native wallet has been registered with CHAPI, it can receive requests to store credentials at the URL stated in the `credential_handler.url` of the `manifest.json` above.

> The endpoint declared there (i.e. `/switchboard`) will receive a `request` query parameter that will include a URL encoded object with the following properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The endpoint declared there (`/switchboard` in the example above) will receive a `request` query parameter that will include a URL encoded object with the following properties:
```

- `credentialRequestOrigin`: This will tell the wallet where the request originated

> - `protocols`: This will include any available credential issuance protocols. The wallet may retrieve the credential for storage from any of the available protocols.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `protocols`: This will include any available credential exchange protocols (for issuance and / or presentation). The wallet may retrieve the credential for storage from any of the available protocols.
```

<pre><code style="white-space: normal;overflow: auto;word-break: break-word;">
https://wallet.example.com/switchboard
  ?request=%7B%22credentialRequestOrigin%22%3A%22https%3A%2F%2Fplayground.chapi.io%22%2C%22protocols%22%3A%7B%22vcapi%22%3A%22https%3A%2F%2Fexchanger.example.com%2Fexchangers%2Fz1A1GqykGBWKbwhFCDqFjMfnG%2Fexchanges%2Fz19mxa763DAKX7diL51kBFecZ%22%2C%22OID4VCI%22%3A%22openid-credential-offer%3A%2F%2F%3Fcredential_offer%3D%7B%22credential_issuer%22%3A%22https%3A%2F%2Fexample.exchanger.com%2Fexchangers%2Fz1A1GqykGBWKbwhFCDqFjMfnG%2Fexchanges%2Fz1A36rr6wEL25EEiikKvisVEC%22%2C%22credentials%22%3A%5B%7B%22format%22%3A%22ldp_vc%22%2C%22credential_definition%22%3A%7B%22%40context%22%3A%5B%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2018%2Fcredentials%2Fv1%22%2C%22https%3A%2F%2Fpurl.imsglobal.org%2Fspec%2Fob%2Fv3p0%2Fcontext.json%22%5D%2C%22type%22%3A%5B%22VerifiableCredential%22%2C%22OpenBadgeCredential%22%5D%7D%7D%5D%2C%22grants%22%3A%7B%22urn%3Aietf%3Aparams%3Aoauth%3Agrant-type%3Apre-authorized_code%22%3A%7B%22pre-authorized_code%22%3A%220065a8a0-069b-46f1-a857-4e1ce5047afd%22%7D%7D%7D
</code></pre>

> The `request` value is URL encoded. It's contents look like this when unencoded:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `request` value is URL encoded. Its contents look like this when unencoded:
```

```json
{
  "credentialRequestOrigin": "https://playground.chapi.io",
  "protocols": {
    "vcapi": "https://exchanger.example.com/exchangers/z1A1GqykGBWKbwhFCDqFjMfnG/exchanges/z19mxa763DAKX7diL51kBFecZ",

>     "OID4VCI": "openid-credential-offer://?credential_offer={"credential_issuer":"https://example.exchanger.com/exchangers/z1A1GqykGBWKbwhFCDqFjMfnG/exchanges/z1A36rr6wEL25EEiikKvisVEC","credentials":[{"format":"ldp_vc","credential_definition":{"@context":["https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1","https://purl.imsglobal.org/spec/ob/v3p0/context.json"],"type":["VerifiableCredential","OpenBadgeCredential"]}}],"grants":{"urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:pre-authorized_code":{"pre-authorized_code":"0065a8a0-069b-46f1-a857-4e1ce5047afd"}"

Reviewer 2: This isn't right, the JSON value of the `credential_offer` query parameter should still be encoded here.

Reviewer 2: ```
> x = '{"credential_issuer":"https://example.exchanger.com/exchangers/z1A1GqykGBWKbwhFCDqFjMfnG/exchanges/z1A36rr6wEL25EEiikKvisVEC","credentials":[{"format":"ldp_vc","credential_definition":{"@context":["https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1","https://purl.imsglobal.org/spec/ob/v3p0/context.json"],"type":["VerifiableCredential","OpenBadgeCredential"]}}],"grants":{"urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:pre-authorized_code":{"pre-authorized_code":"0065a8a0-069b-46f1-a857-4e1ce5047afd"}"'
'{"credential_issuer":"https://example.exchanger.com/exchangers/z1A1GqykGBWKbwhFCDqFjMfnG/exchanges/z1A36rr6wEL25EEiikKvisVEC","credentials":[{"format":"ldp_vc","credential_definition":{"@context":["https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1","https://purl.imsglobal.org/spec/ob/v3p0/context.json"],"type":["VerifiableCredential","OpenBadgeCredential"]}}],"grants":{"urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:pre-authorized_code":{"pre-authorized_code":"0065a8a0-069b-46f1-a857-4e1ce5047afd"}"'
> encodeURIComponent(x)
'%7B%22credential_issuer%22%3A%22https%3A%2F%2Fexample.exchanger.com%2Fexchangers%2Fz1A1GqykGBWKbwhFCDqFjMfnG%2Fexchanges%2Fz1A36rr6wEL25EEiikKvisVEC%22%2C%22credentials%22%3A%5B%7B%22format%22%3A%22ldp_vc%22%2C%22credential_definition%22%3A%7B%22%40context%22%3A%5B%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2018%2Fcredentials%2Fv1%22%2C%22https%3A%2F%2Fpurl.imsglobal.org%2Fspec%2Fob%2Fv3p0%2Fcontext.json%22%5D%2C%22type%22%3A%5B%22VerifiableCredential%22%2C%22OpenBadgeCredential%22%5D%7D%7D%5D%2C%22grants%22%3A%7B%22urn%3Aietf%3Aparams%3Aoauth%3Agrant-type%3Apre-authorized_code%22%3A%7B%22pre-authorized_code%22%3A%220065a8a0-069b-46f1-a857-4e1ce5047afd%22%7D%22'
> 
```

>     "OID4VCI": "openid-credential-offer://?credential_offer={"credential_issuer":"https://example.exchanger.com/exchangers/z1A1GqykGBWKbwhFCDqFjMfnG/exchanges/z1A36rr6wEL25EEiikKvisVEC","credentials":[{"format":"ldp_vc","credential_definition":{"@context":["https://www.w3.org/2018/credentials/v1","https://purl.imsglobal.org/spec/ob/v3p0/context.json"],"type":["VerifiableCredential","OpenBadgeCredential"]}}],"grants":{"urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:pre-authorized_code":{"pre-authorized_code":"0065a8a0-069b-46f1-a857-4e1ce5047afd"}"

Reviewer 2: Based on the above, this is probably correct:

```suggestion
    "OID4VCI": "openid-credential-offer://?credential_offer=%7B%22credential_issuer%22%3A%22https%3A%2F%2Fexample.exchanger.com%2Fexchangers%2Fz1A1GqykGBWKbwhFCDqFjMfnG%2Fexchanges%2Fz1A36rr6wEL25EEiikKvisVEC%22%2C%22credentials%22%3A%5B%7B%22format%22%3A%22ldp_vc%22%2C%22credential_definition%22%3A%7B%22%40context%22%3A%5B%22https%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2018%2Fcredentials%2Fv1%22%2C%22https%3A%2F%2Fpurl.imsglobal.org%2Fspec%2Fob%2Fv3p0%2Fcontext.json%22%5D%2C%22type%22%3A%5B%22VerifiableCredential%22%2C%22OpenBadgeCredential%22%5D%7D%7D%5D%2C%22grants%22%3A%7B%22urn%3Aietf%3Aparams%3Aoauth%3Agrant-type%3Apre-authorized_code%22%3A%7B%22pre-authorized_code%22%3A%220065a8a0-069b-46f1-a857-4e1ce5047afd%22%7D%22"
```

Author: k. Think I've got it sorted: https://runkit.com/bigbluehat/64e614e3e80c94000889bbb8

Committing those values.

  }
}
```

There are currently two possible protocols that Issuers may use with CHAPI in order to issue Verifiable Credentials to be stored in the user's digital wallet: `vcapi` and `OID4VCI`.

> Depending on what you declared in your `acceptedProtocols` you may receive either or both as properties in the `protocols` object carried in the `request` query parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on what you declared in your `acceptedProtocols` you may receive either or both as properties in the `protocols` object carried in the `request` query parameter. It is up to wallet providers to decide (or they may delegate this to advanced users) which protocol to use if multiple are supported.
```

### VC-API

> The `vcapi` property will be a URL that will tell the wallet where to go to retrieve the credential. The wallet can send a `GET` request to this URL to attempt to download the VC to be stored. The VC will be found in the `verifiablePresentation` object of the response. If there are further steps required in the flow such as DID Auth a `verifiablePresentationRequest` object will describe the details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `vcapi` property will be a URL that will tell the wallet where to go to retrieve the credential. The wallet can send a `POST` request to this URL with an empty JSON object (`{}`) to attempt to download the VC to be stored. The VC will be found in the `verifiablePresentation` object of the response. If there are further steps required in the flow such as DID Auth a `verifiablePresentationRequest` object will describe the details.
```
